c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.ServiceInterop.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\DocumentDB.Spatial.Sql.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.pdb
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Domain.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Domain.pdb
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.xml
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.dll
c:\users\thaissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar_Arq\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.pdb
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.ServiceInterop.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\DocumentDB.Spatial.Sql.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.pdb
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Domain.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\SysCadCar.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.xml
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.dll
C:\Users\thaissa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SysCadCar\Arquitetura\SysCadCar.Data\obj\Debug\SysCadCar.Data.pdb
